dear fellow scholars this is two minute
papers with dr. Carew's on a fajita when
shooting feature-length movies or just
trying to hold meetings from home
through zoom or Skype we can make our
appearance a little more professional by
hiding the maps we have in the
background by changing it to something
more pleasing of course this can only
happen if we have an algorithm at hand
that can detect what the foreground and
the background is which typically is
easiest when we have a green screen
behind us that is easy to filter for
even the simpler algorithms out there
however of course not everyone has a
green screen at home and even for people
who do may need to hold meetings out
there in the wilderness
unfortunately this would mean that the
problem statement is the exact opposite
of what we've said or in other words the
background is almost anything else but a
green screen so is it possible to apply
some of these newer neural network based
learning algorithms to tackle this
problem
well this technique promises to make
this problem much much easier to solve
all we need to do is take two
photographs one with and one without the
test subject and it will automatically
predict an L format that isolates the
test subject from the background if you
have a closer look you'll see the first
part of why this problem is difficult
this mat is not binary so the final
compositing process is given not is only
foreground or only background for every
pixel in the image but there are parts
typically around the silhouettes and
hair that need to be blended together
this blending information is contained
in the gray parts of the image and are
especially difficult to predict let's
have a look at some results you see the
captured background here and the input
video below and you see that it is truly
a sight to behold it seems that this
person is really just casually hanging
out in front of a place that is
definitely not a whiteboard
even works in cases where the background
or the camera itself is slightly in
motion
very cool it really is much much better
than these previous techniques where you
see the temporal coherence is typically
a problem this is the flickering that
you see here which arises from the
vastly different predictions for the
Alpha mat between neighboring frames in
the video opposed to previous methods
this new technique shows very little of
that excellent
now we noted that a little movement in
the background is permissible but it
really means just a little if things get
too crazy back there the outputs are
also going to break down this wizardry
all works through a generative
adversarial network in which one neural
network generates the output results
this by itself
didn't work all that well because the
images used to train this neural network
can differ greatly from the backgrounds
that we record out there in the world in
this work the authors bridge the gap by
introducing a detector network that
tries to find faults in the output and
tell the generator if it has failed to
fool it as the two neural networks Duke
it out they work and improve together
yielding these incredible results note
that there are plenty of more
contributions in the paper so please
make sure to have a look for more
details what a time to be alive what you
see here is an instrumentation of this
exact paper we have talked about which
was made by weights and biases
I think organizing these experiments
really showcases the usability of their
system weights and biases provides tools
to track your experiments in your deep
learning projects their system is
designed to save you a ton of time and
money and it is actively used in
projects at prestigious labs such as
open AI Toyota research github and more
and the best part is that if you are an
academic or have an open-source project
you can use their tools for free it
really is as good as it gets
make sure to visit them through wnb comm
slash papers or just click the link in
the video description and you can get a
free demo today
our thanks to weights and biases for
their long-standing support and for
helping us make better videos for you
thanks
for watching and for your generous
support and I'll see you next time